Pipelines (#119)
yiisoft/yii-queue: README.md

## Middleware pipelines

Any message pushed to a queue or consumed from it passes through two different middleware pipelines: one pipeline
on message push and another - on message consume. The process is the same as for the http request, but it is executed
twice for a queue message. That means you can add extra functionality on message pushing and consuming with configuration
of the two classes: `PushMiddlewareDispatcher` and `ConsumeMiddlewareDispatcher` respectively.

You can use any of these formats to define a middleware:
- A ready-to-use middleware object: `new FooMiddleware()`. It must implement either `MiddlewarePushInterface`,
    or `MiddlewareConsumeInterface` depending on the place you use it.
- An array in the format of [yiisoft/definitions](https://github.com/yiisoft/definitions).
    **Only if you use yiisoft/definitions and yiisoft/di**.
- A `callable`: `fn() => // do stuff`, `$object->foo(...)`, etc. It will be executed through the [yiisoft/injector](yiisoft/injector), so all the dependencies of your callable will be resolved
- A string for your DI container to resolve the middleware, e.g. `FooMiddleware::class`

> The forward middleware execution will always be in the same order they are defined. I.e., if you define it like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Middleware will be executed forwards in the same order they are defined. If you define it like the following:
```

`[$middleware1, $midleware2]`, the execution will look like this:

> 1. `$middleware1`
> 1. `$middleware2`
> 1. push to a queue server *OR* handle on consume
> 1. `$middleware2`
> 1. `$middleware1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```mermaid
graph LR
    StartPush((Start)) --> PushMiddleware1[$middleware1] --> PushMiddleware2[$middleware2] --> Push(Push to a queue)
    -.-> PushMiddleware2[$middleware2] -.-> PushMiddleware1[$middleware1]
    PushMiddleware1[$middleware1] -.-> EndPush((End))
    

    StartConsume((Start)) --> ConsumeMiddleware1[$middleware1] --> ConsumeMiddleware2[$middleware2] --> Consume(Consume / handle)
    -.-> ConsumeMiddleware2[$middleware2] -.-> ConsumeMiddleware1[$middleware1]
    ConsumeMiddleware1[$middleware1] -.-> EndConsume((End))
```
```

Reviewer: That would be:

```mermaid
graph LR
    StartPush((Start)) --> PushMiddleware1[$middleware1] --> PushMiddleware2[$middleware2] --> Push(Push to a queue)
    -.-> PushMiddleware2[$middleware2] -.-> PushMiddleware1[$middleware1]
    PushMiddleware1[$middleware1] -.-> EndPush((End))
    
    StartConsume((Start)) --> ConsumeMiddleware1[$middleware1] --> ConsumeMiddleware2[$middleware2] --> Consume(Consume / handle)
    -.-> ConsumeMiddleware2[$middleware2] -.-> ConsumeMiddleware1[$middleware1]
    ConsumeMiddleware1[$middleware1] -.-> EndConsume((End))
```

### Push pipeline
When you push a message, you can use middlewares to modify both message and queue adapter. 

> With message modifying you can add extra data, obfuscate data, collect metrics, etc.  
> With queue adapter modifying you can redirect message to another queue, delay message consuming, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With message modification you can add extra data, obfuscate data, collect metrics, etc.  
With queue adapter modification you can redirect message to another queue, delay message consuming, and so on.
```
